BlogCast Concept:

As an artist 'Cupid Black', my team is working on an album called 'Platonium'. The album is about relationships and things to look out for and do before officially starting a dating relationship. The album has about 100 songs on a pendrive or on DVD and maybe also on a mixed mode CD where 20 of the best songs can be played in a CD player.

Generate a text version of the front page of the service card based on the album 'Platonium' by 'Cupid Black' promoting the pre-launch of the first set of songs on the album:

1. Patient Infatuation
2. Kylie Sedem
3. White Shoes
4. Hello my Lady
5. More Music 

The album is based on '10 Millennium Dating Rules'. We are going to host the first podcast as an introduction. By the end of the podcast we would have shared 10 things that should be considered before dating. Contributors would share their comments and suggestions on the 10 things and maybe even add or suggest to remove some items on the list. This would help to finalize a list of '10 Millennium Dating Rules'.

The album would be initially hosted on https://buzzjuice.net before being distributed to platforms through TuneCore or DistroKid.

A crowd fund raising platform has been created using WoWonder (installed at https://buzzjuice.net/streams) to receive contributions for various projects and events. Service cards would also be printed and distributed to raise funds. We have considered the feasibility of offering subscriptions to users who would like to listen and comment in the live or archived podcast to raise more funds. A 4 level affiliate referral system has been established on the site for the general site subscriptions.

Here are the current '10 Millennuim Dating Rules':
Dating Tips for a Healthy and Vibrant Relationship
Posted by drenkaby on Monday, 17 January, 2022 at 10:07 pm UTC
1. Know someone for at least 8 months before you consider dating them. 
2. Get to know some of your potential partner’s close friends before dating. 
3. Introduce your potential partner to your family as a friend and find out what your family thinks about them before dating. 
4. Meet your potential partner’s family as a friend and find out what they think about you before dating. 
5. After meeting someone you might be interested in, always spend the first Valentines apart! 
6. Work on some assignments together before dating. 
7. Avoid any kind of intimacy before officially dating! 
8. Go for a health check and share your results with eachother before agreeing to date. 
9. Sign a dating agreement and get a married couple as a witness to start dating officially. Ref: https://www.jordangrayconsulting.com/relationship-contract/ 
10. Dating is on the road to engagement so it is a good idea to check on engagement requirements whilst dating. #DatingTips

Here is a proposed outline for the podcast:
Blogcast Outline (Adjusted for 1hr)
1. Introduction w/ Devotional - 5min
2. Health & Safety - 5min
3. Song (Radio Edit Version) - 3min
4. Main topic - 20min
5. Song (Radio Edit Version) - 3min
6. Discussions - 20min
7. Song w/ Closing remarks - 4min

The album should ultimately glorify the Lord God of Noah, Abraham, Moses and Isaac.

Take me step-by-step through preparations, setting up the podcast (best platform and format), promotions (Digital Service Card covers only), invitations...,  (any other things to consider), hosting the podcast, sharing the podcast to get more feedback, anything else and then the bridge to the next podcast.

Note:
1. The next podcast would be on a discussion about the first item on the list. approximately 5 songs would be produced around that topic. A music video should be done for it, meaning that enough funds should be raised to hire a production team to get the video done. The video would be about 20 minutes with a storyline based on the topic of discussion. Although there would be approximately 5 songs produced on the topic, only parts of the songs produced would feature.

2. It might be a good idea to setup a platform to discuss and get suggestions for items that should be on the list before the podcast. Physical and digital service cards could be shared and the crowdfund also opened to collect contributions to support the setup, hosting and promotion of the first podcast. 

3. Four of the songs produced for the first item on the list would be done by AI. One sone would be personally written and done by Cupid Black.

4. Members of the audience who pay a subscription fee should get special benefits.

5. Members of the audience who make a contribution should also get special benefits (possibly tiered).

6. Invitations to advertise on the podcast or service cards at a fee can be shared.

7. Affiliates would get commission based mainly on their subscription referrals. To become an affiliate, a member must complete the lesson on Career Management in the Health & Safety course.

8. Identify any other ways to acquire or raise funds or generate an income for or from the first introductory podcast.

9. Specify whether an audio or video podcast would be best and suggest if there should be any guests (from my contacts) and how many. If a video podcast, suggest the best location to host it. As a suggestion, we could record a Google meet where other guests join the video call from their location. Not sure how that would work for a live stream.

10. There are a few productions done by Cupid Black that have never been released or published. 'Hello My Lady' is the only song by Cupid Black published through TuneCore around 2020/21. The artist currently has good connections with the following Ghanaian artists: Samini, Kokovelli, Wan-O and a few more underground artists.

11. Note that the size of the Service Card sheet is A6. After folding the Service Card in half, the size of each page becomes A7. So the front page size is A7.

Use text-based tables if necessary and possible to outline the service card page.