We are about to do something a bit different. Our podcast episodes are going to consist of five songs in a meangful story line for 60 minutes with lessons learned. 4 songs would be done by AI, one song would be done by myself in the studio. The storyline integrates the verse of the day with a Health & Safety lesson and the main topic. All this with an integrated podcast.

For example: The Platonium album has about 17 tracks with intro, interludes between some tracks and an outro. The second track from the Platonium album is 'Patient Infatuation'. Integrated into each part's storyline is a verse of the day and a lesson on health and safety. Here is an outline of the track that consists of five songs:

Track 2: Part 1 (Song 1) (Video):
It starts when my colleagues organize to go to the beach then we decide to go through the shop to buy some snacks. In the first part of the track (song 1) a guy sees a girl for the first time in a grocery store. He instantly has a strong attraction to her. Choosing to stay reserved he doesn't immediately approach her. (The song starts here) He walks through the shopping isles passing glances at her, trying to get closer to get a good look at her, making subtle casual passes. This continues into a song then at the end of the track, building up enough courage, he approaches her to ask for her number but she gives him her website address.

Track 2: Part 2 (Song 2) (Video):
At the beach with his colleagues he goes on the lady's website and checks out her profiles. He sees her number but decides not to call. A similar thing happens at the beach but with a different lady (Song 2 starts) maybe couldn't make contact this time (Maybe finally saw she is married with kids).

Track 2: Part 3 (Song 3) (Video):
When about to leave the beach they decide on when to meetup again. They decide to do the movies the next week. When he gets home, during the week he thinks about the ladies he met but doesn't call them. During the week can be a slot for a brief 5 minute podcast. His colleagues ask if he has called but he tells them no. They are surprised as he practices 'Patient Infatuation'. A similar thing happens at the movies but a different lady. They flirt during the movie. Maybe as he gets the lady's contact at the end of the movie when they are leaving he sees the same lady he met at the store in song 1. She walks by and sees him taking the other lady's number, making him feel odd. He tries to go after her but can't find her. They all go home.

Track 2: Part 4 (Song 4) (Studio recording) (Video):
During the week is another opportunity for a brief podcast on Patient Infatuation. He gets a call from some colleagues to meet at the night club. A similar thing happens at the club with a different lady. He even imagines seeing and dancing with the ladies he saw that day. 

Track 2: Part 5 (Song 5) (Video):
On a weekend, (probably a Saturday morning) he get's up for fitness run and goes through the basketball courts and meets his colleagues. They talk about how he has not contacted any of the ladies he met yet. (?? not sure what happens here) Then closing to Patient Infatuation.

Here was the original draft of the podcast:
Blogcast Outline (Adjusted for 1hr)
1. Introduction w/ Devotional - 5min
2. Health & Safety - 5min
3. Song (Radio Edit Version) - 3min
4. Main topic - 20min
5. Song (Radio Edit Version) - 3min
6. Discussions - 20min
7. Song w/ Closing remarks - 4min

Produce an updated draft of the podcast for this track. Each part can have a different title but one of the tracks that fits most with 'Patient Infatuation' must have that title. The podcast/show would feature 2 of the best songs and the other songs could play as background music.

Take me step by step, through the creation process. Include timelines, recommend businesses and studios, and estimated budgets in Ghana cedis.